# Overriding Page Template

The Nuxt-TYPO3 library provides a flexible architecture that allows you to customize and override the default views. One such case is the "catch-all route" page view, which is defined in Nuxt3 by the `[...slug].vue` file. If you wish to override this view, this guide will show you how to accomplish it.

## What is a Catch-all Route Page View?

A catch-all route page view is essentially a wildcard route that matches all paths where a specific page is not defined. In Nuxt-TYPO3, it is utilized to handle page requests dynamically, serving the content fetched from the TYPO3 API.


::alert{type="success"}
You can read more [here](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/pages#catch-all-route)
::


## How to Override a Catch-all Route Page View?

Overriding a catch-all route page view involves creating a new `[...slug].vue` file in the `pages` directory of your application.

Here is how the `[...slug].vue` page is implemented in Nuxt-TYPO3:

```vue
<template>
  <T3BackendLayout v-if="pageData?.content" :content="pageData.content" />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const { headData, T3BackendLayout, pageData } = await useT3Page()
useHead(headData)
</script>
```

In this example, the `<T3BackendLayout>` component is used to render the page content based on provided Backend Layout, which is dynamically fetched using the `useT3Page` composable function.

To override this behavior, follow the steps below:

### Step 1: Create a new `[...slug].vue` file

Create a new `[...slug].vue` file in your application's `pages` directory. This file should define a Vue component for your custom page view.

### Step 2: Customize the template and script

Update the template and script to suit your needs. Your custom component will have access to the `pageData` object, which contains the page content fetched from the TYPO3 API.

```vue
<template>
  <!-- Your custom presentation here -->
  <T3BackendLayout v-if="pageData?.content" :content="pageData.content" />
  <!-- Your custom presentation here -->
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const { headData, pageData } = await useT3Page()
useHead(headData)
// Your custom logic here
</script>
```

With these steps, your custom page view will be used for all routes matching the `[...slug]` pattern.

