# Internationalization

Nuxt-typo3 supports multilangugage pages. All you have to do is define what languages are available for your website and which is the default/fallback one.

edit `nuxt.config.js`:

```js
{
  ...
  typo3: {
    locales: ['en', 'pl', 'de'],
    defaultLocale: 'en'
  }
  ...
}
```

::: tip Be aware
All pages with default language are handled directly by slash e.g. `/home` - however this page in Polish language will be available on `/pl/home`
:::

## i18n support for layouts

If you need to support some static labels on your frontend - we provided some simple API to get and set the current language you can use to interact with your third-party plugin for translation.

### \$typo3.i18n

This object provides you all needed data/methods to interact with languages.
You have direct access from your components.

#### \$typo3.i18n.locale

Display current language

#### \$typo3.i18n.setLocale(localeCode, updateInitialData)

Switch language by localeCode

#### \$typo3.i18n.onLocaleChange(oldLocale, newLocale)

Callback on locale change.

#### \$typo3.i18n.beforeLocaleChange(oldLocale, newLocale)

Callback before locale change.

## Third-party i18n plugin example

This example shows how to connect third-party i18n plugin to your application. For example we use standard [nuxt-i18n](https://nuxt-community.github.io/nuxt-i18n/) plugin which use [vue-i18n](https://github.com/kazupon/vue-i18n).

### Installation

Add **nuxt-i18n** to your dependencies using Yarn:

```bash
yarn add nuxt-i18n
```

Or NPM:

```bash
npm i nuxt-i18n
```

Then add the module to `nuxt.config.js`:

```js
import pl from './locale/pl'
import en from './locale/en'

{
  ...
  modules: [
    ...
    'nuxt-i18n'
  ],

  i18n: {
    locales: ['en', 'de', 'pl'],
    defaultLocale: 'en',
    strategy: 'no_prefix', // because route strategy is handled on nuxt-typo3 side
    vueI18n: {
      fallbackLocale: 'en',
      messages: {
        en,
        pl
      }
    }
  }
  ...
}
```

If using typescript or running typescript language server to check the code (for example through Vetur), add types to `types` array in your `tsconfig.json`:

```js
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "types": [
      "nuxt-i18n"
    ]
}
```

### Locale files

create `locale/en.json`

```json
{
  "hello": "hello"
}
```

create `locale/pl.json`

```json
{
  "hello": "cześć"
}
```

### Integration with nuxt-typo3

Create `plugins/i18n.js`

```js
export default ({ app }) => {
  app.i18n.locale = app.$typo3.i18n.locale

  app.$typo3.i18n.onLocaleChange = (oldLocale, newLocale) => {
    app.i18n.locale = newLocale
  }
}
```

Edit `nuxt.config.js`:

```js
{
  ...
  plugins: [
    ['~/plugins/i18n']
  ]
  ...
}
```

### Display translations

In your components:

```js
{
  {
    $t('hello')
  }
}
```
