# EAP Breaking Changes

As we continue to work on this module, you may encounter some breaking changes in the API. This guide will assist you in identifying breaking changes between versions.

## 2.0.0-alpha.17
+ Renamed the Content Elements interfaces, e.g., we changed T3CeBullets to T3CeBulletsProps.
+ Simplified the API Client hydration process. Previously, we utilized the nuxtApp._t3State internal state to hydrate the API Client and all its configuration, but serialization was impeding our ability to use global interceptors. We have now removed _t3state and switched to the useHydration composable from Nuxt to hydrate headers only.
+ The InitialData is now fetched for the main page by default, as this is not only the most common use case but also more efficient in terms of performance. You can change the behaviour by setup relative initialData query param.
## 2.0.0-alpha.12

+ removed `@rah-emil/vite-plugin-vue-type-imports`, types are supported by Vue 3.3
+ `useT3Page` use internal `pageData` state to avoid double rendering of content elements
+ Moved `utils.ts` from `src/runtime/composables` to `src/runtime/lib`
+ Moved redirect method to `useT3Utils`
+ Renamed redirect hook from `t3:middleware:redirect` to `t3:redirect`
+ Removed unused methods `isDynamicRoute`, `isEqualWithoutHash`
## 2.0.0-alpha.9
### Removal of Context Middleware

Previously, we fetched initial data/page data and updated the pageState (defined by useState) in the middleware. When pageState is updated while the middleware is processing, the page view and components are rendered. However, if some of these components use the `useRoute` method, we receive a warning caused by:

```js
export const useRoute = (): RouteLocationNormalizedLoaded => {
  if (process.dev && isProcessingMiddleware()) {
    console.warn('[nuxt] Calling `useRoute` within middleware may lead to misleading results. Instead, use the (to, from) arguments passed to the middleware to access the new and old routes.')
```

To avoid these and other issues (e.g., error handling), we decided not to use middleware for fetching page data. Instead:
+ Page data will be fetched on the page component level in the composable `useT3Page`. 
+ Initial data will be fetched in the internal plugin, as it has to be done in the first place - before other middlewares and page rendering. 

You can disable fetching initialData in the plugin based on the `features` option:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  typo3: {
    api: {
      baseUrl: 'https://my-api-demo.com'
    },
    features: {
      initInitialData: false
    }
  }
})
```

#### Usage
To correctly obtain page data, you should call the `useT3Page` composable in the setup context of the page component.

```vue
<template>
  <T3BackendLayout v-if="pageData" :content="pageData.content" />
</template>

<script setup lang="ts">
const { headData, T3BackendLayout, pageData } = await useT3Page()
useHead(headData)
</script>
```

You can disable fetching pageData for the `useT3Page` composable by calling:
```js
const { pageData } = await useT3Page({
  fetchOnInit: false
})
```

## 2.0.0-alpha.6
We replaced `vite-plugin-vue-type-imports` with `@rah-emil/vite-plugin-vue-type-imports`, which is compatible with Vite 4.0.0. This plugin will be removed when Vue releases version 3.3.

## 2.0.0-alpha.5
1. We extended the `T3CeBase` interface to easily obtain the appearance interface.
2. We modified `T3Renderer` to pass needed properties, e.g., appearance.

For detailed code changes, please refer to the original document.

## 2.0.0-alpha.3
### Use `route.fullPath` instead of `route.path` in middleware

To handle API requests with full page paths (including query parameters), we need to use the full path. If you want to exclude query parameters from API requests, simply switch `api.allowQuery` to false.

Read more [here](/introduction/options#allowquery)

## 2.0.0-alpha.2

### Removal of `T3DynamicComponent`
We no longer use the `<T3DynamicComponent/>` component. It was previously used for rendering dynamic content elements and backend layouts. The page component was updated accordingly.

### Change in `useT3Meta`


We refactored the `useT3Meta` composable and fixed typing. Please check the updated API [here](/composables/uset3meta) for more details.
